ladies and gentlemen loud the applause for
receive the Lord so much for
crowns great marcelo knows that he had
changed for the street extra pots
southern idea reading martínez I do not know
if you are going to see that there is a vision it is for
the bike path dancing like a nurse
I find it at the same Mauritius
last queens macri
I think he's dancing and he wanted to be
tom'm happy life because
solution to the issue of gaps for
the subways I have a good price and
absolute speed hire them to chapo
guzmán very well mauricio for congratulations and
also I found him so much around
I'm going to make them from the piqueteros
piqueteros entities that are breaking the
You see them over there for the drums 5
of the common citizen great mauritius and
now I leave you so much because I'm going to
Puerto Madero to fish a whale
he heard a drone coming down from above
my head with a man from the waves paid
the man was the same sergio massa who
it is where he would be to Mauricio Macri
to the side as opposite I am not very clear
where was he looks at me and tells me so much
Dear
at the end of the corruption that has
I'm going to be fine with corruption in
Argentina but may not enter
on the internet
Argentine politician enough of this how
it could be that he got a piece of
Argentine politics and how is a chicken
Argentine politics wanted to be me
says vos ponés is with chicken above
the table and solito is made rich pasta
these mediating and running actions
so daniel you pass and the sweet potato all
fear me I follow the model and was
following iván defined
so much that he said I know that you
Run with Ricardo Darín and as a disc
nose darín darín tooth do not give more
pelota player
I have one conclusion of all this my
dear boys an election year win the
who wins loses who loses the
Argentines we are all within the
same henhouse all together and
laying eggs
I felt is being seen by the weight of
Ball People
politicians are like bananas do not
there is a politician that is right
knee force the ball with humor since
the salary is bigger
for a while
my dear boys I over-bus with
french fries and a lot
here
death the plague